---
external help file: Evergreen-help.xml
Module Name: Evergreen
online version: https://stealthpuppy.com/evergreen/help/en-US/Save-EvergreenApp/
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-EvergreenApp

## SYNOPSIS

Validates target URIs passed to this function from `Get-EvergreenApp`.

## SYNTAX

```
Test-EvergreenApp [-InputObject] <PSObject> [-Proxy <String>] [-ProxyCredential <PSCredential>] [-Force]
 [-NoProgress] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

Evergreen includes the function `Test-EvergreenApp` that can test whether the application installer URLs returned from `Get-EvergreenApp` exist at the URL specified. `Test-EvergreenApp` will enable you to quickly validate whether the application installer exists.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1

```powershell
Get-EvergreenApp -Name "MicrosoftOneDrive" | Test-EvergreenApp
```

Description:
Validates the URI properties for each object returned from `Get-EvergreenApp -Name "MicrosoftOneDrive"` and returns a true or false result if the URI exists or does not exist.

## PARAMETERS

### -InputObject

`Test-EvergreenApp` accepts the PSObject from `Get-EvergreenApp`. `Test-EvergreenApp` will test for the existence of at least these properties - Version and URI.

```yaml
Type: PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Proxy

Specifies a proxy server for the request, rather than connecting directly to the internet resource. Enter the URI of a network proxy server. Note - this is experimental support for proxies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProxyCredential

Specifies a user account that has permission to use the proxy server that is specified by the Proxy parameter. The default is the current user.

Type a user name, such as User01 or Domain01\User01, User@Domain.Com, or enter a `PSCredential` object, such as one generated by the `Get-Credential` cmdlet.

This parameter is valid only when the Proxy parameter is also used in the command. Note - this is experimental support for proxy servers and has not been extensively tested.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: [System.Management.Automation.PSCredential]::Empty
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf

Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm

Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force

{{ Fill Force Description }}

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NoProgress

`Test-EvergreenApp` uses `Invoke-WebRequest` to validate target application installers. Progress is suppressed by default for faster tests; however, when `-Verbose` is used, progress will be displayed. Use `-NoProgress` with `-Verbose` to suppress download progress while also displaying verbose output.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UserAgent

Specifies a user agent string for the web request.

The default user agent is similar to the below with slight variations for each operating system and platform.

Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Darwin 22.2.0 Darwin Kernel Version 22.2.0: Fri Nov 11 02:04:44 PST 2022; root:xnu-8792.61.2~4/RELEASE_ARM64_T8103; en-AU) AppleWebKit/534.6 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/7.0.500.0 Safari/534.6

To test a website with the standard user agent string that's used by most internet browsers, use the properties of the PSUserAgent class, such as Chrome, FireFox, InternetExplorer, Opera, and Safari.

For example, the following command uses the user agent string for Internet Explorer: Save-EvergreenApp -UserAgent ([Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.PSUserAgent]::InternetExplorer)

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.Management.Automation.PSObject

Test-EvergreenApp accepts the output from Get-EvergreenApp.

## OUTPUTS

### System.Management.Automation.PSObject

Provides a list URLs and a true/false result.

## NOTES

Site: https://stealthpuppy.com/evergreen

Author: Aaron Parker

Twitter: @stealthpuppy

## RELATED LINKS

[Test installers](https://stealthpuppy.com/evergreen/test/)
